salama of a comrade I am juan curtain and
this is karma guitar and I'm very
happy because we are going to learn a
great thing that I love about the great manu
We are going to learn at your request
the song mister baby you already know that
is made in honor of the great bob marley
let's learn it quickly because it's
very easy let's start is a plan
easy the chords are the minor
re minor 'and sun
okay then let's put it on
now a rhythm of reggae that is going to be
it's going to be thumping
and easy stop really worth so let's go
put it now with the chords and we're going to
start singing the the least
ah
poisons only the least
D minor is only decanting soul
sensation ball with a little
sales a bill condon
they are tense bird to huelva to the goal
they are the only sambil
and we continued like this with the chorus and with
everything now that we are going to do we could
play more and all the time now what you
I encourage those who already do well
cheeks that we get our eyebrows
You can play it like that all the time
they already control the matches we are going to
do it the least
re minor ' although I like to take away the
little finger so that it is lower seventh
and then sol agree then we're going to
use these chords in the stanzas and in
the chorus we will use the others
let's play the next stanza
and here I do a rally
it will be
montemayor is willing willie al hiti
if I myself
now we go to the open chords
but let's change the pace we're going to
open it a little bit we are going to tonic
marked down up stop and
montcada of agreement are a little more
of the roll of the Jamaican reggae to see
then it would be the oil tonic in the
minor in the fifth in D minor is the
fourth and the sun is the sixth according
so
1 2 3 and the king
without leaving my disk or crisis
and miami
m
no swing filme war disc pressure
and if you have seen it quite easy
if we put it between the chords with
capo in the stanzas making the
more dry rhythm of african reggae
and then put is in the chorus the
open chords with reggae rhythms
Jamaican
agree now for those who
you want to advance even more we could
do it with arpeggios
on this side with fifth keeps third
minor fifth third second third
first second second third
fifth third in a third first
second third second would change let's
to the minor and it would be the same minus the
first note that instead of the fifth
it would be the fourth fourth fourth second
third first second second third
third and sun of sixth third second
agree again what we can do
do it with triads it's worth it if we do the
position of the minor that would be
worth the index on the eighth fret with
the position as if it were a minor
then we will use only the third
second and first
this is 3 21 23 21 12 32 12 according
we would do the minor minor
on your site
and now the sun will make it like the triad
of the sun is like a king but with
the index on the fifth fret
Okay then
forgiveness in the fifth not in the seventh
would be
what you know my window live
what's my window live with new rain no
we can do it by some stanza and now
is without further invitation to subscribe
jsa karma remove if you have not yet
done well a million thanks to all
and all for your visits and yours
subscriptions and your comments
as you already know treatment of
answer all the comments of
agreement and good without further
they reported that karma guitar is already
pro that is a payment channel but with
some contents a little more precise
more in depth for those who
you want to move forward a lot and nothing and
remind you that I am your
Skype layout to only 15
euros 15 dollars and you can contact me
from anywhere in the world here
I will be to serve you one hour of good
karma rock and roll
and good sex
ah